Jw/wad post (#659)
hashintel/hash: sites/hashdev/src/_pages/blog/6_block-protocol-v02.mdx

date: "2022-06-15"
---

Speaking at the WeAreDevelopers conference today in Berlin, HASH’s co-founder Joel Spolsky talked about the increasing commodification of the web and our vision for how the [Block Protocol](https://blockprotocol.org) can help.

> _"...another example is TikTok, where you accept Chinese censorship rules on your content in exchange for using the product. I'm calling these things not the web, but the ShittyWeb"_

Too many of the web’s useful abstractions (or features) have been built within commodified space. Bloggers used to write on accessible and indexable personal websites; now it’s all on Substack and Medium. The best place to organize an event is on Facebook, where your friends will be monetized with divisive clickbait. Photographer’s galleries used to be open and searchable, now Instagram will force you to sign up and then pummel you with notifications. The once free and fertile, creative and community-built web has become… the ShittyWeb™.

> ## Making a less shitty web with the Block Protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Making a less ShittyWeb™ with the Block Protocol
```
